Updates (15/08/2018) (#1)
imachug/The-Truth-about-ZeroNet: 4. creating static zite.md

Now let's publish your zite. First, press `Sign` button in the very bottom of the sidebar. Your `content.json` now holds updated information about files and is signed correctly. Now press `Publish`. You will probably see `Content publish failed` message. That's OK, as no other peers have downloaded your zite.

> Now, if you have a static IP or Tor mode is on, your zite can be accessed from other peers while your computer is on. If you want to turn your computer down, visit `ZeroGate`: `http://zerogate.tk/{zite public key}/` (You can get public key from address bar of from sidebar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, if you have a static IP or Tor mode is on, your zite can be accessed from other peers while your computer is on. If you want to turn your computer down, visit `0net.io`: `http://0net.io/{zite public key}/` (You can get public key from address bar of from sidebar).
```
